http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/9to5/tiny_avatar.png,9 to 5,9to5,/9to5
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/gt/tiny_avatar.png,Gil Thorp,gt,/gilthorp
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/mo/tiny_avatar.png,Momma,mo,/momma
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/he/tiny_avatar.png,Heathcliff,he,/heathcliff
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/gas/tiny_avatar.png,Gasoline Alley,gas,/gasolinealley
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/ac/tiny_avatar.png,Animal Crackers,ac,/animalcrackers
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/btl/tiny_avatar.png,Bottom Liners,btl,/bottomliners
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/bg/tiny_avatar.png,Bound and Gagged,bg,/boundandgagged
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/mdt/tiny_avatar.png,The Middletons,mdt,/themiddletons
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/bli/tiny_avatar.png,Bliss,bli,/bliss
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/gw/tiny_avatar.png,The Grizzwells,gw,/thegrizzwells
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/bvp/tiny_avatar.png,Brevity,bvp,/brevity
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/gz/tiny_avatar.png,Get Fuzzy,gz,/getfuzzy
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/ga/tiny_avatar.png,Garfield,ga,/garfield
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/cds/tiny_avatar.png,Cul de Sac,cds,/culdesac
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/lb/tiny_avatar.png,Lunarbaboon,lb,/lunarbaboon
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/lc/tiny_avatar.png,La Cucaracha,lc,/lacucaracha
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/ll/tiny_avatar.png,Lola,ll,/lola
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/tm/tiny_avatar.png,Tank McNamara,tm,/tankmcnamara
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/bnl/tiny_avatar.png,The Born Loser,bnl,/the-born-loser
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/td/tiny_avatar.png,Tom the Dancing Bug,td,/tomthedancingbug
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/tc/tiny_avatar.png,Ten Cats,tc,/ten-cats
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/db/tiny_avatar.png,Doonesbury,db,/doonesbury
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/dc/tiny_avatar.png,Dilbert Classics,dc,/dilbert-classics
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/dr/tiny_avatar.png,Drabble,dr,/drabble
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/dp/tiny_avatar.png,The Duplex,dp,/duplex
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/jjo/tiny_avatar.png,Jim's Journal,jjo,/jimsjournal
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/crbc/tiny_avatar.png,B.C.,crbc,/bc
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/mdj/tiny_avatar.png,Mike du Jour,mdj,/mike-du-jour
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/zi/tiny_avatar.png,Ziggy,zi,/ziggy
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/crcap/tiny_avatar.png,Andy Capp,crcap,/andycapp
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/zp/tiny_avatar.png,Zen Pencils,zp,/zen-pencils
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/rp/tiny_avatar.png,Ripley's Believe It or Not,rp,/ripleysbelieveitornot
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/rr/tiny_avatar.png,Rose is Rose,rr,/roseisrose
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/wpred/tiny_avatar.png,Red and Rover,wpred,/redandrover
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/tmrkt/tiny_avatar.png,Brewster Rockit,tmrkt,/brewsterrockit
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/wppic/tiny_avatar.png,Pickles,wppic,/pickles
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/jt/tiny_avatar.png,JumpStart,jt,/jumpstart
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/dsh/tiny_avatar.png,Dark Side of the Horse,dsh,/darksideofthehorse
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/rc/tiny_avatar.png,Reality Check,rc,/realitycheck
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/rl/tiny_avatar.png,Real Life Adventures,rl,/reallifeadventures
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/rh/tiny_avatar.png,Rip Haywire,rh,/riphaywire
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/wm/tiny_avatar.png,WuMo,wm,/wumo
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/blmc/tiny_avatar.png,Bloom County 2016,blmc,/bloom-county
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/dco/tiny_avatar.png,Dinosaur Comics,dco,/dinosaur-comics
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/wd/tiny_avatar.png,Working Daze,wd,/working-daze
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/ba/tiny_avatar.png,Baldo,ba,/baldo
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/bl/tiny_avatar.png,In the Bleachers,bl,/inthebleachers
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/tmbro/tiny_avatar.png,Broom Hilda,tmbro,/broomhilda
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/bn/tiny_avatar.png,Big Nate,bn,/bignate
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/jw/tiny_avatar.png,Jane's World,jw,/janesworld
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/wtb/tiny_avatar.png,Wallace the Brave,wtb,/wallace-the-brave
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/tz/tiny_avatar.png,Tarzan,tz,/tarzan
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/last/tiny_avatar.png,Last Kiss,last,/lastkiss
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/of/tiny_avatar.png,Off the Mark,of,/offthemark
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/crsca/tiny_avatar.png,Scary Gary,crsca,/scarygary
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/ob/tiny_avatar.png,Overboard,ob,/overboard
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/tmsho/tiny_avatar.png,Shoe,tmsho,/shoe
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/ch/tiny_avatar.png,Calvin and Hobbes,ch,/calvinandhobbes
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/co/tiny_avatar.png,Cornered,co,/cornered
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/cl/tiny_avatar.png,Close to Home,cl,/closetohome
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/ca/tiny_avatar.png,Cathy,ca,/cathy
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/rpa/tiny_avatar.png,Richard's Poor Almanac,rpa,/richards-poor-almanac
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/tiny/tiny_avatar.png,Tiny Sepuku,tiny,/tinysepuku
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/cw/tiny_avatar.png,9 Chickweed Lane,cw,/9chickweedlane
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/poc/tiny_avatar.png,Pooch Cafe,poc,/poochcafe
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/hev/tiny_avatar.png,Phoebe and Her Unicorn,hev,/phoebe-and-her-unicorn
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/crwiz/tiny_avatar.png,Wizard of Id,crwiz,/wizardofid
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/smbc/tiny_avatar.png,Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal,smbc,/saturday-morning-breakfast-cereal
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/pb/tiny_avatar.png,Pearls Before Swine,pb,/pearlsbeforeswine
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/sac/tiny_avatar.png,Savage Chickens,sac,/savage-chickens
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/lu/tiny_avatar.png,Luann,lu,/luann
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/pe/tiny_avatar.png,Peanuts,pe,/peanuts
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/fmc/tiny_avatar.png,The Flying McCoys,fmc,/theflyingmccoys
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/ram/tiny_avatar.png,Rabbits Against Magic,ram,/rabbitsagainstmagic
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/mcf/tiny_avatar.png,Moderately Confused,mcf,/moderately-confused
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/basic/tiny_avatar.png,Basic Instructions,basic,/basicinstructions
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/nc/tiny_avatar.png,Nancy,nc,/nancy
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/hm/tiny_avatar.png,Herman,hm,/herman
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/hc/tiny_avatar.png,Heart of the City,hc,/heartofthecity
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/crspe/tiny_avatar.png,Speed Bump,crspe,/speedbump
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/ma/tiny_avatar.png,Marmaduke,ma,/marmaduke
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/stc/tiny_avatar.png,Starslip,stc,/starslip
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/skh/tiny_avatar.png,Skin Horse,skh,/skinhorse
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/mt/tiny_avatar.png,Monty,mt,/monty
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/rab/tiny_avatar.png,Robbie and Bobby,rab,/robbie-and-bobby
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/ad/tiny_avatar.png,Adam@Home,ad,/adamathome
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/prc/tiny_avatar.png,Prickly City,prc,/pricklycity
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/tas/tiny_avatar.png,The Argyle Sweater,tas,/theargylesweater
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/fowl/tiny_avatar.png,Fowl Language,fowl,/fowl-language
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/pib/tiny_avatar.png,Pibgorn,pib,/pibgorn
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/aj/tiny_avatar.png,Arlo and Janis,aj,/arloandjanis
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/tab/tiny_avatar.png,Thatababy,tab,/thatababy
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/ink/tiny_avatar.png,Ink Pen,ink,/inkpen
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/eric/tiny_avatar.png,Eric the Circle,eric,/eric-the-circle
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/inb/tiny_avatar.png,Invisible Bread,inb,/invisible-bread
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/lio/tiny_avatar.png,Lio,lio,/lio
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/tip/tiny_avatar.png,That is Priceless,tip,/that-is-priceless
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/nq/tiny_avatar.png,Non Sequitur,nq,/nonsequitur
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/tmdic/tiny_avatar.png,Dick Tracy,tmdic,/dicktracy
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/ft/tiny_avatar.png,FoxTrot,ft,/foxtrot
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/fu/tiny_avatar.png,The Fusco Brothers,fu,/thefuscobrothers
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/fz/tiny_avatar.png,Frazz,fz,/frazz
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/sfo/tiny_avatar.png,Shutterbug Follies,sfo,/shutterbug-follies
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/fb/tiny_avatar.png,For Better or For Worse,fb,/forbetterorforworse
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/snu/tiny_avatar.png,Soup to Nutz,snu,/soup-to-nutz
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/kk/tiny_avatar.png,The K Chronicles,kk,/thekchronicles
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/fk/tiny_avatar.png,Frank & Ernest,fk,/frank-and-ernest
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/fm/tiny_avatar.png,F Minus,fm,/fminus
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/bcn/tiny_avatar.png,Breaking Cat News,bcn,/breaking-cat-news
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/jbs/tiny_avatar.png,Jim Benton Cartoons,jbs,/jim-benton-cartoons
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/ss/tiny_avatar.png,Stone Soup,ss,/stonesoup
http://avatar.amuniversal.com/feature_avatars/avatars_large/features/sasc/tiny_avatar.png,Sarah's Scribbles,sasc,/sarahs-scribbles
